Being able to identify threats,
find and fix issues,
and respond when warranted is a critical process for businesses.
They should be used in every organization's cybersecurity program.
There aren't many cases I can think of where this would not apply.
However, there's one thing to note in terms of things not to do.
As a professional in this space,
you'll learn how to do some things that malicious hackers usually do.
However, they should always be used ethically.
These should not be used without authorization or beyond ethical guidelines.
For example, hacking into a database to view employee salaries or
using what you've learned to try and crack
your significant other's password without consent.
Those are not acceptable ways to use the skills that you
learn as you advance through your cybersecurity development journey,
so it's important to maintain
the highest ethical and moral standard as a cybersecurity professional.